@c -*-texinfo-*-
@c This is part of the ThesisPUC User Manual.
@c Copyright (C) 2015 PUC-Rio
@c See the file ThesisPUC.texi for copying conditions.

@node Preface
@unnumbered Prefácio

Este manual descreve o uso do pacote ThesisPUC para escrever teses e
dissertações em latex seguindo as normas da PUC-Rio. Versão
@value{VERSION}.


@menu
* Autores::                
* Licença do pacote ThesisPUC::
@end menu


@node Autores
@unnumberedsec Autores deste Manual

@itemize @bullet
@item Thomas Lewiner (Departamento de Matemática)
@item Marcelo Roberto Jimenez (CETUC)
@item David Pirotte (MicDigit) <david@@altosw.be>
@end itemize

Se identificar algum erro neste manual, por favor comunique aos
autores.


@node Licença do pacote ThesisPUC
@unnumberedsec Licença do pacote ThesisPUC
@c @cindex copying
@c @cindex GPL
@cindex licença

The package ThesisPUC is Free Software.  The package ThesisPUC is
copyrighted, not public domain, and there are restrictions on its
distribution or redistribution.

@itemize @bullet
@item
The package ThesisPUC and supporting files are published under the
terms of the GNU General Public License version 3 or later.  See the
file @file{LICENSE}.

@item
The manual you're now reading is published under the terms of the GNU
Free Documentation License (@pxref{GNU Free Documentation License}).
@end itemize

You must be aware there is no warranty whatsoever for the package
ThesisPUC.  This is described in full in the licenses.


@c Local Variables:
@c TeX-master: "ThesisPUC.texi"
@c ispell-local-dictionary: "american"
@c End:
