\input texinfo
@c -*-texinfo-*-
@c %**start of header
@setfilename ThesisPUC.info
@documentencoding UTF-8
@settitle ThesisPUC@*Latex Document Class, PUC-RIO@*User Manual
@set ThesisPUC
@set MANUAL-REVISION 1
@c %**end of header

@include version.texi
@c @include effective-version.texi

@copying
This manual describes the use of the ThesisPUC latex document class to
write phd or master thesis, as specified by the university
PUC-RIO. Version @value{VERSION}.

Copyright @copyright{} 2015 PUC-Rio

Permission is granted to copy, distribute and/or modify this document
under the terms of the GNU Free Documentation License, Version 1.3 or
any later version published by the Free Software Foundation; with no
Invariant Sections, no Front-Cover Texts, and no Back-Cover Texts.  A
copy of the license is included in the section entitled ``GNU Free
Documentation License.''
@end copying


@dircategory Libraries
@direntry
* ThesisPUC: (thesispuc).  
@end direntry

@c Choices for setchapternewpage are {on,off,odd}.
@setchapternewpage odd
@c @paragraphindent 0

@iftex
@finalout
@c DL: lose the egregious vertical whitespace, esp. around examples
@c but paras in @defun-like things don't have parindent
@parskip 4pt plus 1pt
@end iftex

@titlepage
@sp 10
@comment The title is printed in a large font.
@title ThesisPUC
@subtitle Latex Document Class, PUC-Rio@*User Manual
@subtitle Edition @value{EDITION}, revision @value{MANUAL-REVISION},
para ser usado com Rotinas LPDI @value{VERSION}

@c The following two commands start the copyright page.
@page
@vskip 0pt plus 1filll
@insertcopying
@end titlepage

@c @smallbook
@finalout
@headings double

@c Where to find ThesisPUC examples.
@c @set example-dir latex/examples

@ifnottex
@node Top, Preface
@top ThesisPUC@*Latex Document Class, PUC-Rio@*User Manual

@insertcopying
@sp 1
@end ifnottex

@menu

* Preface::
* Introdução::

* Lista de Comandos::

Índices

* Índice de Conceitos::
* Índice de Procedimentos e Métodos::

Appendices

* GNU Free Documentation License::  The license of this manual.

@end menu

@c @contents

@include preface.texi

@node Introdução
@chapter Introdução

ROTINAS LPDI 

bla bla ... is a tool (and guile tools) for generating function
wrappers for inter-language calls. It currently only supports
generating Guile wrappers for C functions. Other languages may be
supported in the future, possibly on both sides.


@node Lista de Comandos
@chapter Lista de Comandos

Neste capítulo são descritos os comandos para executar as rotinas,
seus parâmetros e modo de usar.

@include rg-ergbd.texi
@include me-classify.texi


@node Índice de Conceitos
@unnumbered Índice de Conceitos

This index contains concepts, keywords and non-Schemey names for
several features, to make it easier to locate the desired sections.

@printindex cp


@node Índice de Procedimentos e Métodos
@unnumbered Índice de Procedimentos e Métodos

Esta é uma lista alfabética de todos os procedimentos e macros das
ROTINAS LPDI.


@printindex fn


@node GNU Free Documentation License
@appendix GNU Free Documentation License

@include fdl.texi


@bye

@c Local Variables:
@c ispell-local-dictionary: "american"
@c End:
