@c -*- mode: texinfo; coding: utf-8 -*-
@c This is part of the ThesisPUC User Manual.
@c Copyright (C) 2015 - 2020 PUC-Rio
@c See the file ThesisPUC.texi for copying conditions.

@node Preface
@unnumbered Preface

This manual describes the use of the ThesisPUC @LaTeX{} document class. It
relates particularly to ThesisPUC version @value{VERSION}.


@menu
* Contributors to this manual::
* The ThesisPUC License::
@end menu


@node Contributors to this manual
@unnumberedsec Contributors to this Manual

The original manual edition contributors were:

@itemize @bullet
@item Thomas Lewiner (Departamento de Matemática)
@item Marcelo Roberto Jimenez (CETUC)
@end itemize

The manual edition for ThesisPUC @LaTeX{} document class version 1.0.6 was a complete rewrite using
@uref{@value{UTEXINFO}, Texinfo}. The contributors of that edition were:

@itemize @bullet
@item David Pirotte (MicDigi) <david@ at altosw dot be>
@c @item Karen Agusto (MicDigi) <karenaugusto at yahoo.com.br>
@c @item Julio Alvarez (MicDigi) <julioc.alvarez at gmail.com>
@end itemize

For this edition, and since manual editions for ThesisPUC @LaTeX{} document class version 1.0.7, the contributors are:

@itemize @bullet
@item Javier Guillot Jiménez (Departamento de Informática)
@end itemize

You are most welcome to join and help, send us an email.


@node The ThesisPUC License
@unnumberedsec The ThesisPUC License
@cindex copying
@cindex GPL
@cindex license

The ThesisPUC @LaTeX{} document class is Free Software.  The ThesisPUC
@LaTeX{} document class is copyrighted, not public domain, and there are
restrictions on its distribution or redistribution:

@itemize @bullet
@item
The ThesisPUC @LaTeX{} document class and supporting files are published
under the terms of the GNU General Public License version 3 or later.
See the file @file{LICENSE}.

@item
This manual is published under the terms of the GNU Free Documentation
License (@pxref{GNU Free Documentation License}).
@end itemize

You must be aware there is no warranty whatsoever for the ThesisPUC
@LaTeX{} document class and any related files.  This is described in full
in the licenses.


@c Local Variables:
@c TeX-master: "ThesisPUC.texi"
@c ispell-local-dictionary: "american"
@c End:
