@c -*-texinfo-*-
@c This is part of the ThesisPUC User Manual.
@c Copyright (C) 2015 PUC-Rio
@c See the file ThesisPUC.texi for copying conditions.

@node Preface
@unnumbered Preface

This manual describes the use of the ThesisPUC latex document class to
write phd or master thesis, as specified by the university
PUC-RIO. @value{VERSION}.


@menu
* Authors::                
* ThesisPUC License::
@end menu


@node Authors
@unnumberedsec Authors of this Manual

@itemize @bullet
@item Thomas Lewiner (Departamento de Matemática)
@item Marcelo Roberto Jimenez (CETUC)
@item David Pirotte (MicDigit) <david@@altosw.be>
@end itemize

If you identify some errors in this manual, please write to the
authors.


@node ThesisPUC License
@unnumberedsec ThesisPUC License
@c @cindex copying
@c @cindex GPL
@cindex license

The ThesisPUC latex document class is Free Software.  The ThesisPUC
latex document class is copyrighted, not public domain, and there are
restrictions on its distribution or redistribution.

@itemize @bullet
@item
The ThesisPUC latex document class and supporting files are published
under the terms of the GNU General Public License version 3 or later.
See the file @file{LICENSE}.

@item
The manual you're now reading is published under the terms of the GNU
Free Documentation License (@pxref{GNU Free Documentation License}).
@end itemize

You must be aware there is no warranty whatsoever for the ThesisPUC
latex document class and any related files.  This is described in full
in the licenses.


@c Local Variables:
@c TeX-master: "ThesisPUC.texi"
@c ispell-local-dictionary: "american"
@c End:
